## Node.js Assignments
In this series of assignments, you are going to create native HTTP servers in Node.js which will handle different kinds of application logics.

You are provided empty JavaScript files (or having function signatures) in this directory. You have to follow the instructions given in each file and then run automated tests (also mentioned in each file) to check if you have successfully completed the assignment or you still have few more things to learn in it 😜

### Assignments
Recommended order of attempting the assignments.
1. Todo List App
2. File Server

#### Important Notes
1. If you are unable to understand the request/response of any assignment file or whatever the way it is being tested, you can take a look at its respective test file present in `tests/` directory.
2. Don't try to make any changes to the test files present in the `tests/` directory.
3. Don't make any changes to the code already present in files including function/method/class signatures and module exports.
4. To run individual tests - 
 - npm run test-fileServer
 - npm run test-todoServer

#### Development Setup
1. Install the dependencies used by running `npm install` command in your terminal.
2. We used `18.x.y` Node.js version, if anything doesn't work then please consider upgrading your node installation.


/**
  You need to create an express HTTP server in Node.js which will handle the logic of a todo list app.
  - Don't use any database, just store all the data in an array to store the todo list data (in-memory)
  - Hard todo: Try to save responses in files, so that even if u exit the app and run it again, the data remains (similar to databases)

  Each todo has a title and a description. The title is a string and the description is a string.
  Each todo should also get an unique autogenerated id every time it is created
  The expected API endpoints are defined below,
  1.GET /todos - Retrieve all todo items
    Description: Returns a list of all todo items.
    Response: 200 OK with an array of todo items in JSON format.
    Example: GET http://localhost:3000/todos
    
  2.GET /todos/:id - Retrieve a specific todo item by ID
    Description: Returns a specific todo item identified by its ID.
    Response: 200 OK with the todo item in JSON format if found, or 404 Not Found if not found.
    Example: GET http://localhost:3000/todos/123
    
  3. POST /todos - Create a new todo item
    Description: Creates a new todo item.
    Request Body: JSON object representing the todo item.
    Response: 201 Created with the ID of the created todo item in JSON format. eg: {id: 1}
    Example: POST http://localhost:3000/todos
    Request Body: { "title": "Buy groceries", "completed": false, description: "I should buy groceries" }
    
  4. PUT /todos/:id - Update an existing todo item by ID
    Description: Updates an existing todo item identified by its ID.
    Request Body: JSON object representing the updated todo item.
    Response: 200 OK if the todo item was found and updated, or 404 Not Found if not found.
    Example: PUT http://localhost:3000/todos/123
    Request Body: { "title": "Buy groceries", "completed": true }
    
  5. DELETE /todos/:id - Delete a todo item by ID
    Description: Deletes a todo item identified by its ID.
    Response: 200 OK if the todo item was found and deleted, or 404 Not Found if not found.
    Example: DELETE http://localhost:3000/todos/123

    - For any other route not defined in the server return 404

  Testing the server - run `npm run test-todoServer` command in terminal
 */